The material and information contained on this blog/website are for general information purposes only. You should not rely on the content or information 
on the website as a basis for making any business, legal or any other decisions. Whilst I endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, 
I make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability 
with respect to the website or the information, products, services or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you 
place on such material is therefore strictly at your own risk.

To the extent not prohibited by law, in no circumstances shall I be liable to you or any other third parties for any loss or damage 
(including, without limitation, damage for loss of business or loss of profits) arising directly or indirectly from your use of or inability to use, 
this site or any of the material contained in it.

Whilst precautions are taken to detect computer viruses and ensure security, I cannot guarantee that the website is virus-free and secure. 
I shall not be liable for any loss or damage which may occur as a result of any virus or breach of security.

None of my content is meant to be construed as investment advice; it's for educational purposes only. The links in all my GitHub repos, blogs, 
and any social media contents, including Linkedin, Facebook, and Twitter, are only for reference purposes. My content is accurate as of the posting 
date but may not be accurate in the future. I am not a financial advisor. I do not provide tax, legal or accounting advice. This material has been 
prepared for educational purposes only and is not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, tax, legal or accounting advice. 
You should consult your own tax, legal and accounting advisors before engaging in any transaction. All of my contents are strictly personal opinions. 
Please make sure to do your own research. Never take one person's opinion for financial guidance. There are multiple strategies, and not all strategies 
fit all people. My contents ARE NOT financial advice. You should do your research when picking stocks or cryptocurrencies to invest in.